Estatebnb operates an online marketplace enabling clients to
put their property on sale or rent visit the area’s agent page, fill
in the details of their house, flat, or bungalow, and enter them
on a card which is filed according to the area, price range and
type of property. The related property listing is made public on
the website. Potential buyers complete a similar kind of card
filed by buyer name in data binder. Weekly, the agent matches
the potential buyer's requirements with the available properties
and sends buyers the details of selected properties. Area agents
can also arrange meetings with sellers and buyers. When a sale
is completed, the buyer confirms that the contracts have been
exchanged, and the invoice is sent to the client. On receipt of
the payment, the receipt is generated and sent to the client and
the deal is archived. Invoices are monitored monthly and if
accounts are not settled within two months, a reminder is sent
to the client.

Moments International is a prominent event management
company that specializes in organizing corporate conferences,
trade shows, and community events. It provides a centralized
platform for managing and tracking event details, managing
registrations and attendee information, generating attendee
badges, and further necessary communications. It creates and
manages event details, including dates, venues, agendas,
speakers, and sponsors. An online registration and ticketing
system is in place to streamline attendee registration, payment
processing, and ticket issuance. Communication tools such as
email notifications, SMS alerts, and in-app messaging facilitate
real-time communication with clients, attendees, and eventw
staff. It also coordinates with other resource providers and
manages event resources, including venue booking, equipment
inventory, and staff scheduling. Reporting dashboards to
provide insights into event performance metrics, attendance
trends, revenue generation, and attendee feedback are
developed and integrated with external services such as
payment gateways, CRM systems, and marketing platforms to
enhance functionality and data exchange.


The inventory clerk verifies of stock level. Through the audit by the Inventory Clerk actor, the
warehouse becomes ready to receive any goods. If there is a lack of inventory in the warehouse, the
Inventory Clerk requests an order and submitted to the Purchase Manager. After that, the Purchasing
Manager decides to purchase the order according to the company’s policy and also the supply and
demand in the market. After taking a purchase decision, the purchase Manager works on to place the
purchase. order, at the same time he works on selecting the right supplier, according to information he
had at the company, then sends the request to the supplier. The Supplier works on receiving the order,
fulfilling it, placing the invoice Based on the order, and transporting it to the company. The inventory
Clerk works on receiving goods and inspecting goods according to purchase order. If the goods match
specifications then transfer it to the warehouse, if not reject the goods and return them to the supplier